.TH N3MAP-NSEC3-LOOKUP 1 "2011-12-05" "n3map v.0.2.14"
.SH NAME
n3map-nsec3-lookup \- lookup NSEC3 records from a file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B n3map-nsec3-lookup 
file [-o outfile] [-z zone] [-v]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B n3map-nsec3-lookup
first loads an NSEC3 chain from the specified file.
Then, every domain name read from standard input is hashed and an NSEC3 record
whose hashed owner name matches the hash is searched. If a record is found, the
cleartext domain name and the coresponding record is written to standard output.

.SS Options
.TP 
\fB\-o\fR \fIoutfile\fR
Write the found records to \fIoutfile\fR instead of standard output.

.TP 
\fB\-z\fR \fIzone\fR
If this option is used, every domain name read from standard input is
interpreted relative to \fIzone\fR. 

.TP 
\fB\-v\fR
Be more verbose.

.SH NOTES
This tool could also be used to crack NSEC3 records by passing guesses for
domain names to standard input. However, this is not recommended since it is in
no way optimised for performance. 
If you want to crack NSEC3 records, you should use a tool more suitable to do
the job, e.g. \fBjohn\fR(8).

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Read NSEC3 records from records.nsec3 read domain names relative to example.com
from standard input:
.PP
.RS
$ n3map-nsec3-lookup records.nsec3 -z example.com
.RE
.PP
Read cleartext fully-qualified domain names from names and write all found NSEC3
records to out.
.PP
.RS
$ n3map-nsec3-lookup records.nsec3 -o out < names
.RE
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBn3map\fR(1),
\fBn3map-johnify\fR(1),
\fBjohn\fR(8)

.SH BUGS
.PP
lot's of em. 
.PP
It may use a huge amount of memory depending on the number of NSEC3 records.
.PP
Reading large lists of records is slow.

